those who know me know two things about
me I love Halloween and horror movies
and all sorts of weird wonderful things
but I also love things that are retro
and old-fashioned and yes I'm filming my
hand at the moment one of my favorite
shows ever is all in the family
and one of the dolls I always wanted was
Archie Bunker's grandson when this doll
first came out two years before I was
born actually it actually was a big deal
because of that now I got this off
Amazon and I miss a whole thing hoping
that everything is okay with him
Joey stivic is a baby boy and just like
all babies he belongs with a family he's
a delightful charming baby with a
handsome face and a winning smile he's
the closest thing to a baby brother a
little girl could have
but like all babies he too needs special
care and attention tells you how to
change him and feed him and all this
other cute stuff oh good I was gonna say
oh my god okay my kid
oh okay I'm gonna have to pause this do
I know how to pause this I guess we'll
find out well I managed to get him out
of the box
his hair is all nice and protected
that's good he's one solid piece and yes
he is anatomically correct but
apparently circumcised which is kind of
weird to me but anyway he's got a cute
little tushy and everything look at that
I don't know if you can see that 1976
tandem products inc know it says p rd
exclamation point s inc made by ideal
nice hair it's nice and solid
his body is kind of a hard plastic but
his face is soft and squishy he's very
pretty eyes right hunter okay i cant
doesn't care so we have his blanket okay
there's the thing type hurt and
apparently he actually drinks in wet so
i'm not gonna do that though there's the
bottle can take up to seven ounces
apparently instead of eight but whatever
and i guess she just fill it and you put
it in his little mouth and you feed him
water I guess that's cute
fits right in his mouth it's cute he's
definitely reminding me a lot of a
reborn in a lot of ways in that the hair
is actually really nice and there's lots
of detail and shading obviously there's
no veining or anything like that but
this was
oh my god I'm not gonna give away my age
um from the 70s because this is two
years older than me but anyway he's in
very good condition and I'm gonna put a
diaper on him and put him back in the
box for now gonna find a good place to
store him I also have a Chrissie doll
whose hair actually grows and my name
actually is Cristina and a lot of my
family calls me Chrissy so I always
wanted one of those two anyway I don't
have her on display I have her stored
away right now but I will get her out
look at that cute little navel there we
go
I really like this well I got him on
Amazon it's a little meathead oh and
here's my baby boy with his new scratchy
board it's this one right here it's just
a boat had it right hunter okay so I
didn't actually put the diaper on I
don't want to waste it but it is a
little odd this diaper but it is because
his legs can't be moved so toes are
curled got cute little hands dimples
maybe can see he actually has a hole
right here where you can actually make
him drink okay that sounded funny well
you can put the bottle in his mouth and
pour water through him and it will come
out his anatomically correct circumcised
doll penis there is a sentence I never
thought I would say and I hope I never
get to repeat okay so I think it was
worth the money I'm not gonna say how
much it was it wasn't insane cuz I'm not
rich I don't have much money whatsoever
but I've been looking for one of these
for years ever since I heard they
existed there's little Joey how cute
so the blanket that he comes with he
can't swaddle him at all it's um
clearly just intended to lay him on to
be cute or whatever but it's very cute
I'm glad I got it very cute I can see
how little girls back in the 70s would
have gone crazy over them now you can
see some of the hair is rooted and some
of it isn't
anyway I'm leaving his pretty little
plastic cap on to maintain his pretty
hair I don't know why I said pretty like
that but I did anyway
yeah that's little Joey stearic by Joe
oh he can't wave hands don't move